all right everyone
this is gonna be tutorial two dishes the
Wayans away guitar let's get straight to
the point so you have not learned the
intro already another video of they're
in trouble this video this request was
the purpose of this request was to make
a tutorial for the rest of the song so I
just go ahead and start it off chords
we're gonna be using is G D
a minor
and during the course a little bit of
so you're plucking pattern let's go me
just about similar with every other
chord so I start off with the G the
pattern for the G is gonna be 6 3 and
then 1 & 2 at the same time and then
back to 3 then your D chord it's gonna
be the same thing
so four three one and two at the same
time and then back to three
a minor that's gonna be 6 3 1 into at
the same time back to 3 it's trash day
ha ha
and then aim a finally a minor
we have five three one and two at the
same time again back to three so
basically your chords on you're gonna be
plucking your bass and then your mid and
then they start with the verse of the
verse the verse the is switches around a
lot kind of sort of light.this is the
verse stop oh gee
in the next part
then you move on to the course of course
you don't do the hammer on the D anymore
so this gonna sound like this
ehe four times
back to the D
and then then there's the kind of sort
of a breach I'm just gonna go with this
what's it sound like a second price
and that's the whole song so the pattern
goes the first verse and like this
little second version in the chorus and
then like this other verse and then you
have your solo and then it goes back to
that last verse I'll have a list of all
the chords under the comments in the
description I mean and they'll have
every single chord in order so yeah I
hope this tutorial really helps you know
Lucy I'll go through a little bit again
like
and you can do that too it's all with
your preference of picking so
yeah any more questions and more
anything just comment below and I'll try
to answer thank you